Previously on
Beauty & the Beast...
Graydal Securities is the one
behind the beast bounty.
So that's where I'm going next.
Graydal is not just
your everyday security firm.
They're like Blackwater
on steroids. They're not gonna
just let you walk in there
to get a job.
- Yeah.
I got to get
on the inside, right?
(grunts)
I'm here to see his boss.
DHS is everywhere
looking for you.
You killed the deputy secretary.
You want to hand yourself over
to the people who
are hunting you?
They got no idea
I'm the beast
they're looking for.
We keep getting in deeper,
Vincent, it keeps
getting riskier.
When does this
ever end?
DHS-- they trust you, and
now, when Graydal finds out
that you betrayed me, then
they will trust me, too.
Come on, it's fine--
we're both in.
Yeah, on opposite sides
of the law.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(indistinct conversations)
I don't know how much longer
I can do this.
I'm gonna call you back.
Sorry, I got to go.
Everywhere I go, people
are whispering behind my back.
DHS, Il Cantuccio, here--
it is driving me crazy.
It'll get better soon.
Will it? How will it get better?
I don't know actually,
I didn't really have
anything else planned
to say after that.
And you--
I don't want to hear you say
"I told you so" right now.
That's not
what I was gonna say.
Well, look, you and Vincent
made a decision, right?
You knew that your plan for him
to infiltrate Graydal
and for you
to keep DHS away
from him was risky,
but you did it anyway. And
so now you got to live with it.
Jeez.
Way to calm her down, Tess.
W... There's nothing
to calm down, Heather,
Cat knows that. That's why
you wanted to meet, right--
for us to help you?
It's been a week. I
haven't heard from him.
JT hasn't found him either, and
he's monitoring everything.
You're worried?
Of course I'm worried. I mean,
he's undercover in a den
of thieves trying to get
on a mission so that he can
figure out who's after a beast,
with DHS after him.
And I-- I don't know
how close DHS is
to finding him
because they're
shutting me out.
But wait, I thought the whole
point of this charade last week
was so DHS thought you were
willing to betray Vincent?
Yes, it was, and it did.
But now they have brought in
a new heavy hitter
to take over the manhunt
and I can't get her to trust me.
And that makes me feel so...
(intercom beeps)
WOMAN: Sorry, Captain, but A.D.A. Ellis
says he just wanted to know
if you're still on
for drinks tonight?
Uh, yeah, yes.
Thank you.
Drinks?
Wait, are you dating again?
Anyway. Continue, please.
I hate being away
from Vincent for so long,
not just because I miss him
or because I can't figure out
how to work the TV
because he changed the remote.
Well, JT can help you with that.
Forget JT.
And, you, forget about
people whispering, there's
nothing you can do
about that anyway.
You need to focus,
because the sooner you can get
back on the inside with DHS,
the sooner you can figure out
how to exonerate Vincent
and get out of this mess.
And get your happily
ever after back.
Yeah, what does that mean? I
don't even know what that means.
Well, I don't know, don't
look at me, you're the one who
keeps saying it.
(sighs) Okay. Well...
forget a happily ever after,
I will just be happy
to have Vincent back alive.
(grunting)
What do I have to do
to prove to you
that you can trust me, huh?
Aah!
Kill someone?
Maybe.
Nathanson--
you're up.
(grunting)
(low growl)
(groaning)
I thought you said you were over
your wife betraying you.
Oh, believe me, I am.
Are you? You got to get
your emotions in check
before I put you
out in the field, Keller.
I can't risk it.
What the hell
am I even doing here?
Other than ducking DHS,
you mean?
Nathanson.
Be ready. 0600 hours.
Y-You're choosing him?
I just kicked his ass.
Want to try again?
Nathanson.
Go.
Now.
And you--
get your head
straight.
I don't need some jilted hothead
screwing up my operations.
You trust him?
I don't know.
- Mm.
WOMAN: All right, everybody,
let's clear out.
You're making a mistake.
I can't help bring Vincent in
if you keep me on the sidelines.
Now is not the time, Chandler.
Graydal Securities.
You think Vincent's
working for them now?
Maybe.
But-but why?
What's he doing there?
I don't know.
Maybe it's just a safe haven,
maybe something else.
Well, if they put him
on a mission, that might be
our best
chance of catching him.
That's the hope.
I should've been in that meeting
so I know what's going on.
I can help.
Agent Morgan understood--
Yeah, Agent Morgan
let you call the shots.
That's over.
You should never
have been anywhere
near that sting
when we lost Keller.
All due respect, Agent Dylan,
but you weren't there.
I tried to help
reason with Vincent.
I tried to bring him in.
That wasn't the time to reason.
It was the time to take action.
You were too emotional.
You weren't fit
to negotiate Keller's surrender.
No, you're right.
I didn't say or do
enough to bring him in.
I wasn't ready.
But I am now.
Is that why you're still
wearing your wedding ring?
I'm not gonna try to convince
you that I don't
still care about
him, because I do.
Then I don't have to explain
why I can't have you involved.
I need to put him in prison,
not back in your bed.
I don't-I don't need him
back in my bed, I just...
I want him back alive.
Vincent ran, that makes him
look guilty, I get that.
But I know him-- he is gonna do
anything and everything he can
to prove his innocence, even if
that means working with Graydal.
But the longer this goes on,
the more he's risking his life.
And I will do anything
and everything I can to save it.
Hey.
Heather.
What are you doing here?
Wait, is Cat all right?
Cat? Yeah, sure. Well, unless
you count the fact that
there's a massive, secret
manhunt out for her husband.
It is so
hard on her.
She misses Vincent
terribly and, frankly,
she's a wreck without him.
Yeah. I can understand that.
Really?
'Cause you miss Tess?
What?
No. I meant...
I can understand
how hard it must be for them.
Mm.
You know, being separated,
not being able to work
together for so long.
Perfect couples
don't stay perfect apart.
Right.
By the way,
do you know
that Tess is dating?
What?
She is? Uh, are you sure?
Yeah.
Drinks with an A.D.A.
Look, I'm not meddling,
I'm just saying,
unless you want
to stay apart
from your girl
permanently...
She's not my girl anymore.
At least not until
I can figure out
what the hell
I'm doing with my life.
Well, maybe you could, like,
speed it up a little bit.
Meddling.
Okay, fine. Leaving.
Hello.
JT, it's me.
Where have you been? I've been
looking all over for you.
Yeah, but you haven't been able to
find me, right?
Right, no, and I've been
tapping into
everything I can tap into.
That's good. If you
can't find me, nobody can.
No, that's bad.
How're we supposed to watch your
back if we can't even see it?
Just keep trying, okay?
The last thing I want
is DHS taking you down with me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How's she doing, buddy?
Missing you.
A lot.
No more than I'm missing her.
I-I got to solve this, JT.
I got to figure out
who's behind this bounty,
prove I'm innocent soon, man,
or I'm gonna go crazy.
You know,
I can't even sleep at night
without her,
let alone think straight.
Yeah, I sort of know
how you feel.
So where are you?
Uh, Meatpacking District,
14th near Washington.
Look, let Tess know
that I need her
to pick up a package
from here, all right?
Package? What kind of package?
His name is Nathanson,
he's a Graydal merc.
Tell her to arrest him
on drunk and disorderly,
hold him and then question him,
see if she can find out
what type of mission he was on.
I don't understand.
I don't have time to explain
right now, all right?
But if I'm right, then
I'll be on his mission soon.
Got it. Uh, need anything else?
Yeah, one more thing.
I need to see Catherine.
Are you sure this is safe?
I mean, obviously,
I want to see Vincent
more than anything, but...
It's okay, I found a way
to monitor what DHS
was seeing without them
being able to trace it
back to me.
Hopefully. There's no
activity in the area, it's safe.
Yeah, but it isn't DHS
just monitoring
by themselves anymore,
they've got every agency...
Looking for him, too, I know.
I'm not saying
it's not a risk, but
right now, honestly, what isn't?
He needs to see you, Cat.
He begged me
to make this happen.
All right, I'm here.
How long should I wait?
(whistles)
Never mind. Found him.
Call me if anything happens.
Hey.
- Hi.
I missed you so much.
Oh, I missed you, too.
Are you okay? Are you all right?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm fine. You don't have
to worry about me.
That comes with saying "I do."
♪
(computer chirping)
Oh, no.
Where'd they come from?
Are we doing the right thing?
I think
I'm making progress--
you just got to keep DHS
off my tail just (phone ringing)
a little bit longer.
(groans)
Yeah?
They must have spotted Vincent
coming to the park.
What?
- I don't know how they did it,
but he's got to get out
of there. You both do. Now.
(helicopter blades whirring,
sirens wailing)
Okay, I love you.
I love you, too.
Go, go, go.
(sirens continue wailing)
MAN:
Come on, let's go! Move out!
(helicopter blades
continue whirring)
♪ Beauty and the Beast 4x08 ♪
Love Is a Battlefield
Original Air Date o
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
No more surprises.
Cat, you made it!
Barely. I had to dive
into a ravine to make sure that
my fellow agents didn't see me.
(pained groan)
Oh, God, is there poison ivy
in Central Park?
Yes.
- Great.
I've got hydrocortisone.
No. Not enough time.
Did Vincent get away, too?
Uh, there hasn't
been chatter,
so, yeah, I'm assuming.
Do you know where he went?
No. Didn't he tell you?
We didn't exactly have time.
Right. Sorry.
I-I didn't realize
DHS was using
NSA drones, too.
They really are pulling
out all the stops.
But now
so am I.
Okay, what is all this?
Put simply, more power.
A lot more power.
Hopefully enough
to hack into NSA
so I could see
what they're seeing, too.
Aren't they gonna know
that you're doing it?
That's what the power's for--
to route the signal
through other IP addresses...
so they can't
trace it back to me.
Okay, maybe you
shouldn't be doing this, JT.
The last thing
Vincent or I want...
I know. Vincent
already gave me the speech.
But, look,
Vincent's in trouble,
you're in trouble,
and I'm single,
unemployed, and looking
for my greater purpose.
Maybe this is it.
(exhales softly)
Oh. Uh... uh, poison ivy.
I'm allergic.
Right. Sorry.
Okay, let me know
the minute you find Vincent.
Wait, where are you going?
(sighs)
To talk to Tess,
see if she got any information
out of that Graydal merc.
Hopefully, he can
help us figure out
what Vincent's mission is
before DHS,
otherwise we can't protect him.
You still
haven't gotten inside DHS?
No. Still working on it.
Call me.
(sighs):
Okay.
Uh, say hi to
Tess for me.
Hope her date bombs.
Keller.
- (grunts loudly)
Where were you
last night?
I was trying
to reach you.
(panting):
Yeah? Why is that?
Didn't answer
my question.
I was ducking
drones.
Right answer.
Homeland Security's
more pissed with you
than I realized.
Makes me trust you
a little more.
But still, you got
to be more careful
if I'm gonna put you
out in the field.
And fortunately, this retrieval
operation's off the grid.
Sorry?
Nathanson.
He got busted yesterday.
And because we have
a short window here, you're in.
Good. About time.
You didn't have anything to do
with what happened with him
by any chance, did you?
Like you said,
people got to be more careful.
Vaughn.
This is Diane.
You'll be working with her.
She'll fill you in
on your covers.
She's also there to
keep an eye on you,
make sure you
don't go rogue on us.
Because of your wife and all.
I told you,
you don't have to worry
about her, all right?
I'm not.
Party starts at 11:00.
Better get going.
So what's our cover?
Husband and wife.
(pants)
♪
DIANE:
Relax. The last place
anybody'll be looking
for you is here.
Yeah? Why's that?
Because half the guests are wanted for
something or another--
granted, by the SEC,
but trust me, there are no prying eyes,
otherwise we would
not be here.
Here to do what, exactly?
(laughs softly)
Let's start with
mingling, shall we?
VINCENT:
So cryptic, aren't you?
Yes, I am-- that's probably because
I do not trust you,
and I don't want to tell
you anything until I absolutely have to.
Oh, God, hold this.
(sighs)
Tell me something, Vincent,
do you still miss her,
your little wifey?
Even after she betrayed
you to the Feds?
Yes. I do.
Ah.
Then why Graydal? Hm?
Is it... just to get even
with her and all that?
Working on the other side of
the law just to piss her off?
Is that it?
Something like that, yeah.
Mm. Okay, yeah, see,
that doesn't make sense.
So there's got to be
more to it than that.
Really?
- Mm.
What are you, my shrink...
or my wife?
(laughs)
More importantly,
you're my husband,
and you'd better
start acting like it,
or I'll kill you...
(chuckles)
dear.
♪
(siren wails, horn honks)
(indistinct chatter)
Hey. Is that Vincent's guy?
Did he tell you what
the mission is?
Nathanson? No,
he took the Fifth.
What? He can't do that.
Let me try.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait.
Number one,
you don't work here
anymore, remember?
And number two, they already
transferred him to DHS. He's gone.
They don't know that he's
connected to Vincent, do they?
I don't know. They've been pretty
tight-lipped about things lately,
in case you didn't
notice. And NYPD
doesn't even know
about the manhunt,
which means I
shouldn't even know,
which means you
shouldn't even be here.
I know,
but I'm flying blind here.
I can't get into DHS,
JT can't keep up
with their surveillance,
and Vincent is relying on me
to make sure
that he doesn't get caught--
how am I supposed to do that?
I don't know-- it wasn't my
hair-brained idea, remember?
(phone ringing)
It's JT.
He might have found something.
♪
(horn honks in distance)
What'd you find?
- Uh, I'm not sure.
I tapped into their drones,
but the only thing wonky
is this one--
it's being repositioned
way out to Eastern Long Island.
So?
So it's moving fast
and climbing.
They think
they have something,
but they don't want
to be spotted.
Vincent?
Question is, how would they
even know where to look for him?
Nathanson.
Wait, that one stopped.
It's hovering.
JT:
Looks like a party of some sort.
Can you zoom
in on it?
DHS already is.
JT: That's not
Vincent, is it?
♪
Well, at least he's okay.
I'm sure she's just part
of the mission.
I mean, just because she's
super hot doesn't mean that...
Please, she's not even his type--
he looked like
he was kissing his aunt.
Stop JT.
I am not jealous, okay?
You're not?
No. After not seeing Vincent
for so long,
would I rather find him
under fire or on the run
instead of kissing some woman?
Yes?
She is the least of
my problems, all right?
Tess was right--
this plan is crazy--
and if Vincent and I
don't start communicating
better, it's never gonna work.
Wait. Where are you going now?
To warn Vincent.
If we saw him, DHS did, too.
But how are you gonna explain
how you got there
to Agent Dylan?
I have no idea.
Stay tuned.
So you gonna tell me
who we're looking for?
Trust me... or kill me.
Sylvia and Franklin Lewis.
Only the Gates Foundation
donates more.
We're gonna steal
their watches.
A jewelry heist?
You got to be kidding me.
There's got to be an easier way...
They're surrounded
by bodyguards 24/7;
they rarely come out in public.
This is much more
than a jewelry heist.
Their home in Great Neck
is ultra high-tech--
it only allows in people it recognizes.
Their watches
act as fobs,
which is why we have
to switch them out
if we're going to get in.
Get in to do what, exactly?
(chuckles):
Oh. Nice try.
Shall we?
DYLAN:
All right, everybody,
park and gear up.
No DHS jackets.
I don't want to make a scene.
SWAT, stand by on the perimeter,
wait for my command.
- Dylan.
Chandler, what are
you doing here?
Why wasn't I informed?
I thought you trusted me.
How did you find out
about this anyway?
The same way you did,
I'm assuming: that Graydal op.
Is Vincent here?
Yes, but...
If you want to get him out of here
without causing a scene, or worse,
alerting the press, I'm your best shot,
and you know it.
Please, I want to help.
All right.
You're with me.
Mr. Lewis,
it's a pleasure to meet you.
Pleasure's all mine,
Mrs., uh...?
Vanderbilt.
Linda Vanderbilt.
Vanderbilt?
Are you related to...
Actually, I am.
I just don't like
to admit it
to everybody.
Seems someone's always after me
for something these days.
LEWIS (laughs):
Tell me about it,
uh...?
Oh. Keith.
Franklin.
Pleasure.
Have you visited our
silent auction yet?
Um...
no, we...
we haven't.
Where is it?
Follow me.
(chuckles)
Good luck, honey.
Great to
meet you.
Oh, no.
(indistinct chatter)
Excuse me, ladies!
- Hey.
(gasps)
What the hell
are you doing here?
Are you out of your mind?
What am I doing here?
I'm trying to figure out
what the hell you're doing here.
Is DHS here?
- Yes.
Your Graydal friend
ratted you out.
Great plan, by the way,
sending him to Tess
for information.
It worked out really well,
for DHS.
- Okay, well,
I was trying to figure out a way
to let you know
where I was
so you could cover for me,
which, by the way, you're doing
a terrible job of right now.
Terrible job? The only reason
Yes.
you're not in Guantanamo
right now is because of me.
I am the reason that DHS
isn't storming this place.
All right, all right.
Let's just calm down. We got
to figure this out right now.
Figure it out?
Vincent, you have got to get out
of here now.
I can't leave without my wife.
I mean... I mean Diane.
Okay, it's just... it's
just for the mission.
We're undercover. That's all.
Yeah,
is that what that kiss was?
What?
Never mind. Off topic.
Come here.
What are you doing?
I'm trying to kiss you.
Just in case I never,
ever get to do it again.
Stop talking like that. I am
going to get you out of here.
Even if you can, Diane's gonna
get suspicious, and then I'm gonna lose
my only chance of getting
deeper into Graydal.
On the other hand,
if DHS catches you,
you're gonna go to jail,
and I'm not gonna get a chance
to get deeper into DHS
to prove your innocence.
Okay. Whose idea was this again?
Yours.
All right.
We-we can't keep doing this.
I don't do so
well without you.
We don't do so well without
each other, Vincent. That's...
the problem, both professionally
and personally.
But we do have to figure
this out, because, frankly,
this isn't the way we're gonna
get our happily ever after back.
Um, out of curiosity,
is Diane the kind of person
to surrender
peacefully?
Uh-oh. No. No, she'll kill her.
Great. Okay, well,
I'm gonna go save my new boss
from your new wife.
It was for the mission!
(sighs)
Damn it.
I know Keller's here.
Where is he?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I'm talking about aiding and
abetting, but if you don't...
(grunting)
(bystanders gasping, chattering)
(gunshot)
(bystanders shouting)
Oh. You're the wife.
We're divorcing. It's messy.
(shouts)
You got the watch?
Yeah, they're here.
All right, let's get
the hell out of here.
We barely made it out of there.
His wife showed up.
Oh, yeah. Forget to mention that
I'm the one who saved you from her.
I didn't need saving.
The hell you didn't.
I knocked her
out.
That's how we escaped.
You knocked her into a pool.
Why was she even there?
Because she was
hunting me down.
Why do you think?
I think that's a hell
of a coincidence,
and I don't believe
in coincidences.
Okay, I think you two
are starting
to sound
like a real married couple.
Did you get the watches?
Yes, sir.
They're here.
Think the mission's compromised?
I'm not sure.
- No.
They got no idea
we're after them.
By the way,
why were we after them?
You ask a lot
of questions.
Yeah, because I'm sick
of being kept in the dark.
Look, Dawes,
I understand that you
don't trust me. That's fine.
But, after this, either
you put me on a real mission,
the kind that makes
real money, or I'm out.
Out?
Where do you think
you're gonna go?
You came to us 'cause DHS
is after you.
And you took me on
because I'm valuable to you.
But if I'm just stealing watches
and putting up with her,
forget it. How 'bout
we be straight, okay?
DHS is getting closer,
which means
I got to make enough
to disappear and fast.
You get it?
Why is Braxton even taking
the risk with him? Why bother?
He likes operatives
who have a lot to lose.
Gives them an edge.
Just like you.
Keller did help me escape,
so he can't be a DHS plant.
But he kisses
like a married man.
Then you need to figure out
if we can trust him
one way or another.
(indistinct chatter)
How you feeling?
Like I've been
hit by a truck.
I heard you saved my life.
It was the least I could do.
It's not your fault, Chandler.
It's your husband's.
You're not responsible
for his actions.
I guess it's time I really
started trusting you though.
Especially seeing as how I'm
gonna be laid up for a while.
I'm gonna need you
to keep pushing ahead,
enough for
both of us.
Intelligence ID'd the woman.
Her name's Diane Vaughn.
Wanted by
Interpol
on multiple murder charges.
She's a hit man.
What?
Seems your husband's working
for the darker side of Graydal.
Not the best way to go about
trying to prove he's innocent.
No, it's not.
JT, we have to find Vincent
now. Things are getting out of control.
Okay. I know. I'm on it. I'll
call you when I find something.
Hey. I came as fast as I could.
What's wrong?
Everything's wrong, still.
Worse, actually, if
that's even possible.
Uh, sit there. You're better
at social media than I am.
Yeah. So?
I programmed facial recognition
software into all user-generated
content on the Web.
- Uh, JT...
Okay, okay. Cat said Vincent
and some bimbo assassin...
Bimbo assassin?
Would you stop interrupting
and listen?
Sorry.
They were almost
caught
at some Lewis charity event
on Long Island,
but, uh,
Cat didn't know
what they were trying to do.
And now Vincent's on the run,
which means...
Again.
Sorry. Continue.
Which means, as usual,
we're playing catch-up.
Now, I spotted them coming back
on the expressway,
but we need to figure out
exactly where they're
going before DHS does.
Got him.
Already?
- Mm-hmm.
Well, just at the
party, anyway.
But somebody posted a
photo of the Lewises.
Do you recognize anybody
in the background?
Good. Uh,
keep checking posts.
Anything and everything
connected to the Lewises.
Because whatever mission
Vincent's on,
it's got to have something to do
with them. I'll keep checking
surveillance, drones,
and... cell towers.
Vincent's lucky to have
a friend like you,
you know that,
don't you?
Yeah, well, he deserves
better than this.
It's not fair this is
happening to him or to Cat.
Yeah, well,
who knows, maybe
after we get
Vincent and Cat back together
again, we can start working
on you and Tess...
- Stop.
Okay, fine. Sorry.
All I'm saying is
snooze, you lose.
♪
(trilling)
FEMALE VOICE: Auto check complete.
House is secure.
Welcome home,
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis.
It's kind of creepy, huh?
Safe's over there
behind the art piece.
Right. Let's get this
over with then.
I don't suppose you're gonna
tell me what's in this thing,
what we're looking for.
All I know is
it's a flash drive.
All I care is I get paid.
Well, glad we finally
agree on something.
(beeping)
Open it.
Got it.
All right, let's
get out of here.
What are you
waiting for?
Freeze! Don't move.
That's what we're waiting for.
A silent alarm. Where?
Checking.
5 Gatsby Drive in Great Neck.
5 Gatsby Drive.
That's the Lewises' home.
The Lewises? What,
are they robbing the place?
It's got to be more than that.
Okay. Are you sure
that it's Vincent?
A friend just posted
that the Lewises aren't supposed
to be back until Sunday.
And another has a photo of Mr.
Lewis still at the beach club.
That and the surveillance camera
out front just went inop.
Does DHS know?
Not yet.
(engine revving)
(grunting)
(groaning)
All right. You want to tell me
why you set the alarm off?
'Cause I needed to test
your loyalties,
see if we can really
trust you or not.
And how does this prove that?
It proves it if you kill him.
If you don't, I kill you.
(groans)
Alright, this is crazy.
We got what we wanted.
Let's just get out of here.
We can't leave any witnesses,
can we?
He saw us.
I won't say anything, I...
Shut up.
You're a little sick,
aren't you?
No, I'm loyal. Are you?
I'm no killer.
Mmm. Tell that
to the agent you killed.
That was self-defense.
Then why didn't you
turn yourself in?
You know, there's something
that doesn't add up about you.
I can't put my finger on it, but
there are a lot of questions,
and, the way I see it, there's
only one way to answer them.
(groans, coughs)
All right.
Get up.
No, no, no. Wait, wait,
I said get up!
wait, wait, no.
(grunts)
(choking, grunting)
Now can we go?
Back up.
Back up!
(laughs)
Well, looks like
I was wrong about you.
(elevator bell dings)
Go check that out.
There might be
someone else.
Go on, I'll
get rid of him.
Come on, go.
Come on. Hurry.
(groans softly)
(electrical whoosh)
One more time.
(gasps)
- (grunting)
(grunting, kicking)
(yelling)
(electrical whoosh,
Vincent panting)
(rhythmic grunting)
(grunting, glass breaking)
(grunting)
- (whimpering)
No!
(grunts)
- (loud grunting)
Come on, damn it. Come on.
(both grunting)
(yelling, thudding)
(gasps)
(sighs)
(coughing) It's okay. It's all right.
It's all right.
I'm here, I'm here.
Just breathe.
Just breathe. It's okay.
It's okay. I'm gonna help you.
Just breathe. Just breathe.
Just relax. Just relax...
Hey, call 911, all right?
I think they're already
on their way, along with DHS.
Just take it easy, okay?
Hey. You okay?
Am I okay?
Are you kidding me, Vincent?
I nearly got killed
by La Femme Nikita
out there, and you're in here
doing God knows what.
What are you doing?
I-I had to kill him.
It's a long story, okay, but
I-I... I got to go. Please...
No, no, no, you don't.
Honey, if I don't
leave now, then...
No.
You are not leaving until we get
a few things straight first.
(sirens blaring)
We can not keep going on like this.
Yes, okay.
No. I am used to crazy,
but this is bananas.
I know. Yes.
We have got to communicate
with each other better
because I can't keep
chasing you around the state
covering your ass
without knowing
what the hell is going on!
(sirens blaring)
Honey, I hear you, and you're
100% right, we absolutely
have to communicate better,
but if I don't leave
right now, and I get caught,
there's gonna be nothing to
communicate. That makes sense.
Right? I love you. Got to go.
Okay, wait.
I'll cover for you. Go, blur.
Okay. I love you.
- Mm-hmm.
(whooshing)
- (sighs)
(elevator bell dings)
Come in.
Shouldn't you still be
at the hospital?
Probably.
There's a lot
going on, obviously.
Ah, you've been apprised.
Yes, I have.
Boy, when I tell you
to push on without me,
you don't mess around, do you?
Sorry?
Well, you jumped
on your leads, somehow
found Keller,
took down an Interpol assassin,
and saved a security guard.
Well, my husband
saved the guard.
Yeah, I know.
That's what the guard said, too.
He also said
that your husband saved him
after he tried to kill him.
Any idea what that's all about?
I don't know.
But the important thing is,
he saved his life, right?
Yeah.
Still, it's a curious
damn thing to do.
Risking getting caught
to save somebody else.
Look, just so we're clear,
I don't care if your husband's
innocent or not.
I only care about bringing
him in, do you understand?
I understand, and I would have
if that Interpol assassin
hadn't gotten
in my way.
He must have just slipped out.
Yeah, I know.
Seeing as how you seem to have
a knack for tracking him down,
I'm gonna make you the point
person on the investigation.
You okay with that?
Um... uh, yes.
Yeah, of course, thank you.
I won't let you down.
Well, you better not,
or I'll take you down
along with your husband.
(door opening)
Shut the door.
(door closes)
So what the hell happened?
I don't know.
We got in, we got into the safe,
then some guard shows up
out of nowhere.
Hmm. Guess it must've been a
silent alarm or something, huh?
What happened to Vaughn?
Well... I guess
she met her match.
God rest her soul.
(glass breaking)
You listen
to me, Keller.
Don't you get glib with me.
I just lost one of my
best operatives today,
and I want to know
how the hell that happened.
Like I said,
I don't know.
All right, the guard showed, the
cops came, all hell broke loose.
Besides, the mission wasn't
to get away with her, was it?
The mission was
to get away with... this.
Which I did,
despite not being
trusted around here.
Look,
I'll be back
for my take tomorrow.
But if you don't have something
better for me next time,
consider this
my final mission.
(door closes)
(siren blaring)
♪
(door bells tinkle)
♪ Ah, ah
♪ Ah-ah-ah, ah, ah-ah, ah
♪ Ah-ah-ah, ah,
ah-ah, ah... ♪
Tess? Hey!
Hey. Uh, what are you...
what are you doing here?
In case you forgot,
I come here a lot, you know.
No, I know, I know, I just
didn't think you would, um...
Why are you so dressed up?
Me? Dressed up?
Yeah, you don't do
leather, unless...
You liar, you knew
I'd be here, didn't you?
What, did you
call my office?
No, don't be ridiculous.
Okay, maybe.
JT...
- Look, I know.
I'm sorry,
but everything
that's been going on
with Cat and Vincent,
there hasn't been time.
Time for what?
Okay. Um...
look, can we talk
about this another...?
It's just... I know
we're not together anymore,
and I probably don't have
any right to say this, but...
I really don't want you
to start dating, okay?
Oh, wow.
I mean,
I'm still trying
to find myself, I know,
but... I'm getting closer,
and... I still think
we have a chance if...
Thanks.
Right. Right.
Such an idiot.
No. JT, listen to me.
- No.
It's okay. It's... my bad.
I'm... sorry. Sorry. So sorry.
No, JT, wait. Don't...
(door bells tinkle)
VINCENT: It doesn't matter
where we are, right,
as long as we're together.
No, it does matter
where we are.
I want to be home
in our own bed.
I know, I know. So do I.
Okay, but this is
better than nothing,
and nothing's
about all we had lately.
True.
Mmm.
Hey.
- Mm.
We have to talk about this.
No, no, no.
Yes!
- Come on, later, later.
No, mm, now. Now!
- Aah!
Up.
- Okay.
All right.
(sighs)
Okay, what'll we
do about this?
I can't help thinking that
we're making the biggest mistake
of our lives trying to
solve everything like this.
Come on, we've been
through this.
We didn't have a choice, right?
Apart from me
turning myself in.
But it's even too late for that now.
I know.
But we can't do this
for much longer.
This is the riskiest
thing that we've ever done.
And I can't keep playing
catch-up with you,
trying to protect you.
I know, and I don't want you to.
I don't, but it's like,
you know, like what you said
when we came up
with this plan.
Okay, like what I said.
We got to figure out
a way of being together
even when we...
when we can't be.
Promise?
Yes, I promise. Mmm.
We have to check
in with each other
on a regular
basis in person.
Yes. Agreed. Mmm.
Oh, and, and we
have to communicate,
even if we can't
see each other.
Yeah, of course.
Absolutely.
Also, wait. You have
to teach me how
to use the universal remote,
'cause I can't work the TV.
No, that-that is, uh...
I'm drawing the line
with the remote.
I mean, come on, you're gonna
screw up my whole system.
(laughs)
That's a complete
deal breaker, I'm sorry.
Okay, fine. Not the remote,
But, everything else...
Oh, yes, everything else.
And this.
Definitely more of that.
(laughing)
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org